hi i'm george III and i'm a gb hockey
player attempting to qualify for london
olympic games it's tough trying to
qualify zealand
games but it's a huge help knowing that
I've got dick levitt behind me helping
to raise funds and awareness it's also
fantastic having a brand new MIDI until
the end of the London 2012 games it's
great arriving at training in
competitions and I always like arriving
in style please keep checking this blog
for updates on my journey towards London
2012 games I will keep you updated with
news pictures and videos from all of my
training and competitions and also
please like me on my Facebook page a
very grateful for dick lovett for their
support and I'm thrilled to be a London
2012 stick love it hopeful